bpo-41287: Handle `doc` argument of `property.__init__` in subclasses (#23205)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2022-04-03-11-25-02.bpo-41287.8CTdwf.rst

> Handle doc argument of property.__init__ in subclasses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix handling of the ``doc`` argument in subclasses of :func:`property`.
```
Formatting and grammar
